PEP 689: Rewrite, with PyUnstable_ prefix (#2847)
python/peps: pep-0689.rst

but may change between minor releases (e.g. between 3.11 and 3.12) without
deprecation warnings.

> C-API with an leading underscore is designated *internal*, meaning that it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any C-API with a leading underscore is designated *internal*, meaning that it
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any C API with a leading underscore is designated *internal*, meaning that it
```

No dash here, per syntax or convention

https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/91744

Open Issues
===========

> With the ``PyUnstable_`` ptefix, is the opt-in macro necessary?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the ``PyUnstable_`` prefix, is the opt-in macro necessary?
```
